Hello dear friends today I want
show you a guide on cm kerry and so
if you are a bombing student or you don't like
fan just turn off this video for cm
kelly should go on mid and since
her great skins for an early robin
Aaron is too small for format
pov
so it’s best to take on the heroes
that is why we buy at the starting
batal money which will help us not
keep the enemy calm for
Kill ideal second skill and
passive can be pumped up only two times
with battleborn will be enough
preferably byte from the trench when ultor
try man to poke off skills and by
the ability to avoid fights Samka fallen
carry text is required so
as we no one will complex photo 40
minutes restaurant can not be missed
after pt I prefer to collect or
bled as a crossbow has
perfect pluses for our hero
but some kind of kerey with you is still
no attack speed for this we
buy mask of madness
and then immediately the shadow blade after
what our DPS grows significantly
small change for salman miss if
it even seems that your gps will kill you
may force March 20
after four colors we will have a very
dangerous carry that everyone will
to avoid
I learned and folded and through
one
Tokelau can be a bit after w3
beat and ask opponents
for example, that they have a ball with her after
this is best to collect the mail side
since we already have attack speed and
lightning will cure pretty often
films
you
decision
Russian price
Sasha Yasha will add on mobility but to
Unfortunately, opponents were too
weak cute this is not a game over
prematurely
with you was a bone skewer subscribe
on the channel and put the likes